content/_index.md, before:

---
# Leave the homepage title empty to use the site title
title: ""
date: 2022-10-24
type: landing

design:
  # Default section spacing
  spacing: "6rem"

sections:
  - block: resume-biography-3
    content:
      # Choose a user profile to display (a folder name within `content/authors/`)
      username: admin
      text: ""
      # Show a call-to-action button under your biography? (optional)
      button:
        text: Download CV
        url: uploads/Kevin_Hainline_CV.pdf
    design:
      css_class: dark
      background:
        color: black
        image:
          # Add your image background to `assets/media/`.
          filename: stacked-peaks.svg
          filters:
            brightness: 1.0
          size: cover
          position: center
          parallax: false
  - block: markdown
    content:
      title: 'My Research'
      subtitle: ''
      text: |-
        I'm an astronomy professor
    design:
      columns: '1'
  - block: collection
    id: papers
    content:
      title: Featured Publications
      filters:
        folders:
          - publication
        featured_only: true
    design:
      view: article-grid
      columns: 2
  - block: collection
    content:
      title: Recent Publications
      text: ""
      filters:
        folders:
          - publication
        exclude_featured: false
    design:
      view: citation
  - block: collection
    id: talks
    content:
      title: Recent & Upcoming Talks
      filters:
        folders:
          - event
    design:
      view: article-grid
      columns: 1
  - block: collection
    id: news
    content:
      title: Recent News
      subtitle: ''
      text: ''
      # Page type to display. E.g. post, talk, publication...
      page_type: post
      # Choose how many pages you would like to display (0 = all pages)
      count: 5
      # Filter on criteria
      filters:
        author: ""
        category: ""
        tag: ""
        exclude_featured: false
        exclude_future: false
        exclude_past: false
        publication_type: ""
      # Choose how many pages you would like to offset by
      offset: 0
      # Page order: descending (desc) or ascending (asc) date.
      order: desc
    design:
      # Choose a layout view
      view: date-title-summary
      # Reduce spacing
      spacing:
        padding: [0, 0, 0, 0]
  - block: cta-card
    demo: true # Only display this section in the Hugo Blox Builder demo site
    content:
      title: 👉 Build your own academic website like this
      text: |-
        This site is generated by Hugo Blox Builder - the FREE, Hugo-based open source website builder trusted by 250,000+ academics like you.

        <a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder" data-color-scheme="no-preference: light; light: light; dark: dark;" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder on GitHub">Star</a>

        Easily build anything with blocks - no-code required!
        
        From landing pages, second brains, and courses to academic resumés, conferences, and tech blogs.
      button:
        text: Get Started
        url: https://hugoblox.com/templates/
    design:
      card:
        # Card background color (CSS class)
        css_class: "bg-primary-700"
        css_style: ""
---

Commit message:

updating my CV and splash page

content/_index.md, after:

---
# Leave the homepage title empty to use the site title
title: ""
date: 2022-10-24
type: landing

design:
  # Default section spacing
  spacing: "6rem"

sections:
  - block: resume-biography-3
    content:
      # Choose a user profile to display (a folder name within `content/authors/`)
      username: admin
      text: ""
      # Show a call-to-action button under your biography? (optional)
      button:
        text: Download CV
        url: uploads/Kevin_Hainline_CV.pdf
    design:
      css_class: dark
      background:
        color: black
        image:
          # Add your image background to `assets/media/`.
          filename: stacked-peaks.svg
          filters:
            brightness: 1.0
          size: cover
          position: center
          parallax: false
  - block: markdown
    content:
      title: 'My Research'
      subtitle: ''
      text: |-
        Prior to the launch of JWST, my primary focus was optical and infrared observations of obscured active galactic nuclei, or AGNs. I helped identify new obscured sources using the Wide Field Infrared Survey Explorer, or WISE, telescope. I also helped uncover the physical extent of the narrow-line regions for local obscured quasars. 

        Since moving to the University of Arizona, I worked to support JWST NIRCam. My research focuses on exploring sources in the JWST Advanced Deep Extragalactic Survey, or JADES. I have helped identify some of the farthest galaxies humans have ever seen, stretching back to a redshift of 14. I've also explored how JWST NIRCam can find low-temperature brown dwarfs in our galaxy. 

        I have a passion for science outreach education, and I've worked with many local and national schools and outreach groups. I'm an active member of Skype a Scientist, and I have an entire page dedicated to my public speaking: www.thestarsconnectus.com. 
    design:
      columns: '1'
  - block: collection
    id: papers
    content:
      title: Featured Publications
      filters:
        folders:
          - publication
        featured_only: true
    design:
      view: article-grid
      columns: 2
  - block: collection
    content:
      title: Recent Publications
      text: ""
      filters:
        folders:
          - publication
        exclude_featured: false
    design:
      view: citation
  - block: collection
    id: talks
    content:
      title: Recent & Upcoming Lectures
      filters:
        folders:
          - event
    design:
      view: article-grid
      columns: 1
  - block: collection
    id: news
    content:
      title: Recent News
      subtitle: ''
      text: ''
      # Page type to display. E.g. post, talk, publication...
      page_type: post
      # Choose how many pages you would like to display (0 = all pages)
      count: 5
      # Filter on criteria
      filters:
        author: ""
        category: ""
        tag: ""
        exclude_featured: false
        exclude_future: false
        exclude_past: false
        publication_type: ""
      # Choose how many pages you would like to offset by
      offset: 0
      # Page order: descending (desc) or ascending (asc) date.
      order: desc
    design:
      # Choose a layout view
      view: date-title-summary
      # Reduce spacing
      spacing:
        padding: [0, 0, 0, 0]
  - block: cta-card
    demo: true # Only display this section in the Hugo Blox Builder demo site
    content:
      title: 👉 Build your own academic website like this
      text: |-
        This site is generated by Hugo Blox Builder - the FREE, Hugo-based open source website builder trusted by 250,000+ academics like you.

        <a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder" data-color-scheme="no-preference: light; light: light; dark: dark;" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder on GitHub">Star</a>

        Easily build anything with blocks - no-code required!
        
        From landing pages, second brains, and courses to academic resumés, conferences, and tech blogs.
      button:
        text: Get Started
        url: https://hugoblox.com/templates/
    design:
      card:
        # Card background color (CSS class)
        css_class: "bg-primary-700"
        css_style: ""
---
