content/publication/2024-ap-j-964-71-h/index.md, before:

---
title: 'The Cosmos in Its Infancy: JADES Galaxy Candidates at z > 8 in GOODS-S and
  GOODS-N'
authors:
- Kevin N. Hainline
- Benjamin D. Johnson
- Brant Robertson
- Sandro Tacchella
- Jakob M. Helton
- Fengwu Sun
- Daniel J. Eisenstein
- Charlotte Simmonds
- Michael W. Topping
- Lily Whitler
- Christopher N.~A. Willmer
- Marcia Rieke
- Katherine A. Suess
- Raphael E. Hviding
- Alex J. Cameron
- Stacey Alberts
- William M. Baker
- Stefi Baum
- Rachana Bhatawdekar
- Nina Bonaventura
- Kristan Boyett
- Andrew J. Bunker
- Stefano Carniani
- Stephane Charlot
- Jacopo Chevallard
- Zuyi Chen
- Mirko Curti
- Emma Curtis-Lake
- Francesco D'Eugenio
- Eiichi Egami
- Ryan Endsley
- Ryan Hausen
- Zhiyuan Ji
- Tobias J. Looser
- Jianwei Lyu
- Roberto Maiolino
- Erica Nelson
- Dávid Puskás
- Tim Rawle
- Lester Sandles
- Aayush Saxena
- Renske Smit
- Daniel P. Stark
- Christina C. Williams
- Chris Willott
- Joris Witstok
date: '2024-03-01'
publishDate: '2024-08-18T00:30:26.710368Z'
publication_types:
- article-journal
publication: '*apj*'
doi: 10.3847/1538-4357/ad1ee4
tags:
- Extragalactic astronomy
- Redshift surveys
- James Webb Space Telescope
- High-redshift galaxies
- Galaxies
- '506'
- '1378'
- '2291'
- '734'
- '573'
- Astrophysics - Astrophysics of Galaxies
links:
- name: arXiv
  url: https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.02468
---

Commit message:

one more time with featured articles.

content/publication/2024-ap-j-964-71-h/index.md, after:

---
title: 'The Cosmos in Its Infancy: JADES Galaxy Candidates at z > 8 in GOODS-S and
  GOODS-N'
authors:
- Kevin N. Hainline
- Benjamin D. Johnson
- Brant Robertson
- Sandro Tacchella
- Jakob M. Helton
- Fengwu Sun
- Daniel J. Eisenstein
- Charlotte Simmonds
- Michael W. Topping
- Lily Whitler
- Christopher N.~A. Willmer
- Marcia Rieke
- Katherine A. Suess
- Raphael E. Hviding
- Alex J. Cameron
- Stacey Alberts
- William M. Baker
- Stefi Baum
- Rachana Bhatawdekar
- Nina Bonaventura
- Kristan Boyett
- Andrew J. Bunker
- Stefano Carniani
- Stephane Charlot
- Jacopo Chevallard
- Zuyi Chen
- Mirko Curti
- Emma Curtis-Lake
- Francesco D'Eugenio
- Eiichi Egami
- Ryan Endsley
- Ryan Hausen
- Zhiyuan Ji
- Tobias J. Looser
- Jianwei Lyu
- Roberto Maiolino
- Erica Nelson
- Dávid Puskás
- Tim Rawle
- Lester Sandles
- Aayush Saxena
- Renske Smit
- Daniel P. Stark
- Christina C. Williams
- Chris Willott
- Joris Witstok
date: '2024-03-01'
publishDate: '2024-08-18T00:30:26.710368Z'
publication_types:
- article-journal
publication: "*The Astrophysical Journal* 964:71"
abstract: We present a catalog of 717 candidate galaxies at z > 8 selected from 125 square arcmin of NIRCam imaging as part of the JWST Advanced Deep Extragalactic Survey (JADES). We combine the full JADES imaging data set with data from the JWST Extragalactic Medium Survey and First Reionization Epoch Spectroscopic COmplete Survey (FRESCO) along with extremely deep existing observations from Hubble Space Telescope (HST)/Advanced Camera for Surveys (ACS) for a final filter set that includes 15 JWST/NIRCam filters and five HST/ ACS filters. The high-redshift galaxy candidates were selected from their estimated photometric redshifts calculated using a template-fitting approach, followed by visual inspection from seven independent reviewers. We explore these candidates in detail, highlighting interesting resolved or extended sources, sources with very red long-wavelength slopes, and our highest-redshift candidates, which extend to zphot ~ 18. Over 93% of the sources are newly identified from our deep JADES imaging, including 31 new galaxy candidates at zphot > 12. We also investigate potential contamination by stellar objects, and do not find strong evidence from spectral energy distribution fitting that these faint high-redshift galaxy candidates are low-mass stars. Using 42 sources in our sample with measured spectroscopic redshifts from NIRSpec and FRESCO, we find excellent agreement to our photometric redshift estimates, with no catastrophic outliers and an average difference of delta_z = zphot − zspec = 0.26. These sources comprise one of the most robust samples for probing the early buildup of galaxies within the first few hundred million years of the Universe’s history.
doi: 10.3847/1538-4357/ad1ee4
featured: true
tags:
- Extragalactic astronomy
- Redshift surveys
- James Webb Space Telescope
- High-redshift galaxies
- Galaxies
- '506'
- '1378'
- '2291'
- '734'
- '573'
- Astrophysics - Astrophysics of Galaxies
links:
- name: arXiv
  url: https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.02468
  url_dataset: 'https://zenodo.org/records/8092529'
---
